Epistemology:


----
&!(09072017)
Questions of epistemoloy:
    1. What is knowledge
    2. How do we get knowledge
    3. Can we have knowledge
Other related topics:
    belief
    rationality
    justification
    understanding
    intellectual virtue
Grand divide of ways of doing epistemology:
    1. Ancient/Medieval
        World-first: epistimology is the culmination of ones learning.
    2. Modern Way
        Mind-first: epistemology is when you study how to best use the mind to discern knowledge.

&!(09122017)
What Epistemology is?
    Core Questions:
        What is knowledge
        Can we have knowledge
        How do we get knowledge
        Why is knowledge good or valuable
        ( Order Matters )
    Subsidiary Questions
        Justification   
            That which makes it legitimate or justified to be certain about something
        Rationality
            2 forms, actions == beliefs and beliefs on their own
        Virtues
            Wisdom
            Scientific knowledge
            Understanding
            Prudence
            Art
        Certainty
            The degree of absense of fear or falsehood
        Understanding
            Grasping the causes of a thing, or the dependencies of a thing on other things
        Evidence
        
    Broad Definition of Epistemology
    &1Epistemology: the study of right or good ways to grasp reality cognitively
    What would epistemology ask/say about:
        poetry
            is poetry a distinct method to truth?

Core Features of Knowledge
    1. Knowledge is a relation between a conscious subject and an object (but possibly not the immediate object) in reality
    2. The relation is cognitive - ie the subject thinks and does not merely sense or feel the object
        rules out emotions and desires
        mandates that perception is a tool for knowledge, and the mind is the thing that builds knowledge
    3. Knowing includes believing
        Knowing is always belief, but belief is not always knowing
            belief is assent 

&!(09192017)
Core and items on propositional knowledge
    1. Relation between conscious subject and worldly object
    2. Relation is cognitive
    3. Knowingly includes believing
    4. The object of knowledge is a proposition
    5. The object of knowledge is a true proposition
    6. Knowing is a good state
&1Knowledge: to know is to believe a true proposition in a good way.
&1Consciencious: setting good/high standards for something
&1Consciencious belief: Our standard for believing something is that it is true.
Distinction between ability knowledge and propositional knowledge
    Ability knowledge: ways of making or doing
True belief is not sufficient for Knowledge
    Knowlede involves a kind of success that is creditable to the agent
    True belief can occur by luck, which is not creditable to the agent
    => True belief is not sufficient for knowledge
On the Value of Knowledge
    Knowledge derives some value from true belief
    &1Instrumental value: Valuable for a purpose beyond itself
        Fire > warmth
        cars > travel
    &1Non-Instrumental value: Valuable for its own sake
        Friends
    True belief is instrumental to knowledge
        True beliefs are generally more valuable than a false belief
    Some true beliefs can not have value if they are useless or detrimental
        Objections to this:
            Why think that contrary beliefs like thinking you will beat terminal cancer are actually beliefs
                (Possibly they are actually fantasys that help you achieve your goals)
            It is very hard to determine what knowledge will be useful in the future.

(09212017)
Knowledge has greater instrumental value than true belief
    True belief without support is easily undermined by new evidence
    Knowledge seems not to have that instability
        not absolutely stable
    The stability is what makes knowledge more valuable than true belief
Knowledge may have non-instrumental value
    eg. wisdom
Methodism and particularism as approaches to defining knowledge (robert chisolm)
    1. Gather a lot of x, see what they have in common
        a. How do you gather x without also collecting y
    2. Think about what x-hood must be
        a. Seems impossible without referencing some knowledge/experience of x in your life
    &1Particularism: the approach to defining knowledge that begins with a bunch of cases of knowledge then seeks to generalize from those instances the criteria of that knowledge
        Assumption: we assume that it is possible for us to gather this knowledge in the first place
        Advantage: science
        Disadvantage: assumes skepticism == false
    &1Methodism: Reflect on the criteria for something to be x
        Advantage: Doesn't assume skepticism == false
Problem of the criterion
    You need a correct definition to sort cases properly
    You need to sort casses properly to get a correct definition
    Way out: you don't need a fully correct definition to get the criterion right
Classical Definition of Knowledge
    JTB: Justified True Belief
        Someone knows that p if and only if they have a justified true belief of p
        Justification comes thru evidence/thourough investigation
            does not allow for luck
            epistemic blamelessness
Gettier Case
    Clock is dead at 7:35, a person checks the clock in the morning at actually 7:35, and has a justified true belief that it is 7:35 when it was actually due to luck (checking the clock at the perfect time)

&!(09262017)

On writing better Summaries
    I'm going to summarize this topic by this author in this work(s)
    Here's one reason why you should care about this topic.
    Explain topic
        Argument
        Distinction
        Claim
        Taxonomy of Views
    Invent, apply, and use your own examples to explain the author's meaning
        Explain the examples

Receipe for Gettier Case
    1. Start with a justified false belief
    2. Make the false belief true, by some lucky circumstance unknown to the agent.

4th Condition on Knowledge to deal with Gettier cases
    1. No false presuppositions.
        It is possible to have knowledge with false propositions
    2. No Defeater
        defeater: False proposition that the agent is not aware of, and if the agent were aware of it, the agent's justification would vanish/diminish
    3. Virtue approach to knowledge
        Knowledge is true belief gained as a result of the operation of reliable epistemic virtues or cognitive faculties

&1Justified Belief: A belief that is appropriately held.

What is it that makes a belief justified for me to hold?
    The Regress of Justification
        Case:
            I believe that the quiz is on monday (B)
            why?
            The teacher told me (R)
            (R supports B)
            I believe that there is milk in the fridge (B)
            why?
            There is a live cow in the fridge (R)
            (R supports B)
                Note that the cases have reasons that are beliefs of their own (and therefore also need justification)
        Generate the regress:
            Beliefs need grounds, reasons, and supports to be justified
            Grounds themselves need to be justified
            So, grounds need grounds
            (and on and on)
        Problematic because:
            We are finite cognizers
            Arbitrary stopping points are bad
        Agrippa's Trilemma
            (3 unpalatable responses to the regress of justification)
            1. Our beliefs are unsupported
            2. Our beliefs are supported by an infinite chain of justification (in which no supporting reason repeats itself)
            3. Our beliefs are supported by a circular chain of justification in which some supporting reason repeats itself
        Responses to the regress:
            1. Infinitism: Infinite chains of justifications actually make our beliefs justified
                Only needs to be potentially infinite
            2. Coherentism: A circular chain of reasoning can justify a belief
                Qualification: No coheretist is going to accept a very tight circle
                (worldview <-> experience)
                While we do this naturally, this may not be the right way.
                Problem:
                    Good fiction has coherence, but is false
                    Detatchment problem: it is possible to have false coherent beliefs that are detached from the world
            3. Foundationalism: a belief can be justified without being further supported by other beliefs
                Usually not a belief (experience)
                If it is, it is a self evident truth
                Classical foundationalism: Chains of justification terminate in self-justifying beliefs
                Problem:
                    You have to explain or give a criteria for self evident truths
                        Strict: Certain, immune from doubt, self evident
                            Doesn't justify much
                        Not Strict: Just the things that seem true to me
                            Not infallible

(missed class 9/28)
&!(10032017)

Master Argument for Coherentism
    p1. Content requirement: In order to be a justifier, you need to have a propositional content, 
        and you need to represent that content assertively
    p2. Only beliefs: only beliefs represent content assertively
    C1. Only beliefs can be justified
Objection 1 to the Master Argument: Experiences
    p1. Experiences have propositional content
        Example: in the case of an illusion
            Experience: 'line B is longer than A'
            Belief: 'line B is the same length as A'
    C1. Beliefs are not the only way to represent content assertively
    Reply: Experiences are simply a recognition of appearances, which we make beliefs about.
Objection 2-3 to the Master Argument: Premise Principle
    Premise Principle:
        Used by the Coherentist
        Basic point: justifiers for P must have propositional contents that can stand in inferential
            relations to P.
    Rejecting arguments for the premise principle:
        Argument 1: Arbitrariness
            Unless a state has propositional content that can stand in argumental relations to the
                belief (unf)
            Example: Headaches seem able to be justified by themselves
            Reply: It is possible to give non-arbitrary relations between facts and events and the things they justify
                Example: The headache stands in non-arbitrary relation to beliefs about the headache which can be used
                    to justify it.
        Argument 2: Reasons and Evidence
            A person isn't justified in believing something unless that person is 
                able to cite some reason in favour of that belief
            Example: I believe I know the time, because I have a reliable watch
                (why is the watch reliable?) If noJustification: no reason
            If you are able to cite this premise, you can say that justification is
                related to arguments
            Reply: Distinguish between justification making and justification showing
                There are some items that you can show a justification is justified (shower)
                    eg. arguments
                This does not mean that arguments must be argument makers
Epistemic Rationality
    Rationality: Involving the right use of our power of reason
    Epistemic Rationality: Concerning right use of reason in search of the truth
    Possible accounts of what epistemic rationality demands of us:
        Seek to match God's knowledge
            It is impossible, so it is not a good one
        Maximise the number of true beliefs
            It appears that human knowledge becomes perfected as it becomes a mirror of the world
            There does not seem to be a moderate ammount of truth (it is a continuous search)
            But: it seems that there are useless beliefs
        Minimise false beliefs
            It seems rational that one should eliminate erroneous beliefs
            Problem: Satisfied by someone who believes nothing
        Hobby Horse
            Maximise the number of truths that you grasp through their causes
        
&!(10052017)
Conception of Rationality
    Objective vs subjective rationality
    Epistemic Norm: A rule that one follows in order to gain true beliefs
        at least subjectively
    Deontic
        If you form your beliefs responsably by your own lights then your beliefs are epistemically rational
        Consequence: The blameless use of incorrect epistemic norms can still be epistemically rational
        makes rationality a lot like culpability
    Non-Deontic
        One forms an epistemically rational belief only if one employs correct epistemic norms.
        Consequence: If you blamelessly employ the wrong epistemic norms then your belief is not epistemically rational
        comparable to sharpening (no moral imperative) 
Internalism v. Externalism  
    Internalism about rationality: Being epistemically rational is something the agent has control over.
        Everyday use of rationality + justification
        Seems to break the link between justification and knowledge
    Extermalism about rationality: Being epistemically rational depends on factors outside of ones control.
        Much closer link between justification and knowledge
        Opposes the everyday use of rationality + justification

Towards an Externalist account of justification
    Externalism: A non-inferential belief is justified if and only if there is some property H of the believer
        such that it is a law of nature that whenever a person satisfies H and has the belief, then the belief is true
            Property H: actually visually processing a horse
            Belief in question: There is a horse
            Law of nature: whther someone actually visually processes a horse, and then believes that there
                is a horse, then it is true that there is a horse => belief is true.
            Verdict on externalism is bleief is justified
        According to this there has got to be a law-like connection between a person's belief and the state of affairs
            that makes that belief true.As long as we have that, we have justification
    Bonjour's Counterexamples
        Bonjour argues that externalism is false.

&!(10102017)
Externalism++ = lawlike connection between belief and the state of affairs that makes the belief true
    and no cogen reasons against P and no general or specific reasons for thinking such a lawlike connection cannot exist.
    Issues:
        Arg by Analogy:
            P1. Norman's belief is relevantly analagous to a hunch.
            P2. No hunches are epistemically justified
            C1. Norman's belief is not epistemically justified
        Justifiers must be cognitively possessed
        Norman's lawlike connection is not possessed by him at all
        Connection to practical action:
            P1. If externalism is true, then it can be more rational to act on a moderately justified belief
                than on a highly justified belief.
            P2. But it cannot be more rational to act on a moderately justified belief than on a highly justified belief.
            C1. Externalism is not true.
Internalism: All the factors that contribute to justification must be available from the first-person perspective

Guidance-Deontological conception of justification:
    I am justified in my belief of P when I have followed the rules in order to discern P
Goldman's Claim: Even if we assume the GD conception of justification, that still doesn't properly support internalism
    Knowability Constant on Justifiers
        Justification has to do with duty but things that are totally beyond my knowledge are totally beyond my duty.
        KJ (Knowledge Limiting constraint on Justifiers: The only facts that qualify as justifiers of agent's believing
            P at time T are facts that the agent can readily know, at T, to obtain or not to obtain
            From KJ to strong Internalism:
                Readily known: knowable by introspection
                Strong internalism: Justifiers are limited to one's conscious mental states.
                    Issues:
                        Drastic skeptical consequences
                        Fails to capture justification for stored beliefs
                    Too restrictive
                        Rebuttal:
                            Why do you need to have justification of your beliefs at all time?

&!(10122017)
Weak internalism: Justifiers are limited to introspectible facts and facts stored in memory.
    Allows for memory to count as justification
    Issues:
        There are some basic knowledge that we know but do not remember the time where we learned them (need something beyond memory)
        Internalism and Epistemic Principles:
            Epistemic Principles: Propositions that state under which conditions a belief is justified, known, rational, unjustified, etc.
                ex/ if someone knows a thing is a dog, then they are justified in saying that it is an animal
            Goldman's Objection:
            P1. On weak internalism, all justifiers are accessible by introspection and/or memory.
            P2. Hardly anyone has access to correct epistemic principles by introspection or memory.
            C1. So, on weak internalism, Epistemic Principles are justifiers for hardly anyone


Perception
    Robust, exceptually widespread
    Perceptual appearances can be deceptive
    One possibility of perceptual error is not worrisome.
Argument from Illusion:
    Conclusion: The direct object of perception is a sense impression or seeming, not the world itself.
    Oasis Case:
        (Good Case): A person(p1) sees an oasis in the desert
        (Illusion Case): Another person(p2) sees the illusion of an oasis in the desert.
        P1. The visual impression in the good case can be exactly the same as the visual 
            impression formed by someone in the illusion case.
        P2. If these two visual impressions can be the same, then what we experience in 
            perception is not the world itself.
        C1. (above, 341)
Indirect Realism:
    View: Human beings gain knowledge of the objective world by making inferences from sense impressions.
    Realism:
        1. The world exists independently of our minds.
        2. We can know the world as it really is.
    Indirect:
        1. Sense impressions do not put us into immediate cognitive contact with reality
        2. We must infer the existence and properties of the world from the sense impressions in our experience
    Main Support: Arg from Illusion
    Secondary Support: Distinction between primary and secondary qualities
        Primary qualities: Features of things that they have independently of perception
            Solidity, extension, motion, number, shape
        Secondary qualities: Features a thing has that depend on the perception of agents
            Color, taste, smell, sound

&!(10172017)
Argument from Illusion (For Indirect Realism)
    C1: The immediate object of sense experience is not a public physical object, but rather sense data.
        sense data: Private, non-physical entities that actually possess sensory qualities of experience.
    3 args for C1:
    1. Perceptual relativity: the object of sense experience seems to experience intrinsic change, while the actual object is not intrinsically changing.
        The conditions of sense experience bring about seemings of change to objects, where they do not actually change (intrinsic change)
    2. Illusion: Objects can appear to have properties they don't have. (stick in water)
    3. Hallucination: Qualities can appear in experience when there is nothing material that exists to bear them. (oasis)
        If the object of experience and the physical object do not have similar properties, then they must be different things. (2,3)
        Something can have many visual properties, but only one is physically correct. (1)
    Hard nose response: Why suppose that there is a difference between veritical and non-veritical experience?
    Attack on sense data: Do sense datas exist thru time? Can they exist when they are not had? What are they(mental/non-mental)? 

Argument from Scientific Account of Perception
    The looking of things changes when the eyes are changed (but the things do not change).
    Neurological changes would be able to induce visual experience (in the future).
    There is a difference in time between perception and actuality (you do not see something when it is, you see it after it is).

Phenominalism = idealism (epistemologically)
    We cannot know anything about things beyond our experience.
    We can have justified belief about material objects, because they are about our experience.
    There is a material world, but it is entirely made up of sense data (and nothing beyond this collection).
    chairs exist => there are sense experiences that are configured in a chairish way
    Solypsism: there is only one person (me)

Indirect Realism:
    There is a mind-independent world, and we can know about it through our sense experience.
    Our sense experience is caused by the external world. 
    We are justified in believing things about the world, based upon inference from our sense experience.
    Sense experience is not entirely chaotic
        There is an external world
    Sense experience is involuntary
        Ordered and coherent
        Repeatable
        Can be broken up/off (blindness, blinking)
    Natural explanations for sense experience:
        Live in a 3d world
        We see things from our persepective in a 2d -> 3d format
    Reply to idealism:
        It seems like the order of things changes in idealism when we blink, yet intuitively we do not experience this. 

(10192017)
Bonjour against Idealism:
    Idealism requires 2 controversial claims:
        Sense experience is a representation of reality
        God is emulating reality
    Bonjour only needs the first, and so claims his approach is simpler

Direct Realism:
    p1. The immediate object of sense experienceis not sense data, but material objects in the world.
    p2. Our perceptual justification for beliefs about material objects is not inferential, but gained some other way.

Disjunctivism:
    View:
        1. Veridical perceptual experience is an an essentially relational state of affairs.
            Requires a relationship between the percieved and sense experience
        2. The character of my perceptual experience is determined by material objects not causally, but constitutively
            constitutively: included in (in this sense, sense experience)
        Experience that does not properly reflect reality is not an experience of the same kind as veridical experience.
            This is due to the essentially relational state that veridical experience requires.
        Your set of all posible indistinguishable sense experiences of cake fall into two essentially different kinds.
            Veridicle ones are essentially different from non-veridical ones.

Skepticism
    P1. I don't know that I'm not being decieved by a cartesian demon. (or not a brain in a vat, dreaming, in the matrix)
    P2. if I don't know that I'm not being decieved b a demon, then I don't know that I'm dressed.
    C1. I don't know that I'm dressed
    You can't know whether you are in the real world or in a skeptical illusion
    Knowledge is closed under entailment. 
        K - x is a dog
        k - being a dog entails being a mammal
        => you know that x is a mammal
    Reply 1: deny closure premise (P2)
        Sensitivity:
            Knowledge must be sensitive
            A belief is sensitive only if, had a world been different, my belief would have been different.
        You are not sensitive when it comes to skeptical scenario (p1) beliefs, but you are to dressing (p2).
        
&!(10312017)
Story time with Grandpa Don
    Questions we can ask about beings:
        What is it made of? (material cause)
        What is it? (formal cause)
            Substantial forms: Formal causes in the fullest sense, makes a thing what it is. (horse)
            Accidental forms: Particularising features. Certain configuring features of a thing that are not essential to its subst. form. (color)
        How did it come to be? (efficient cause)
        What is it for? (final cause)
        
        Material & Formal causes: Intrinsic causes
        Efficient & Final causes: Extrinsic causes
            Final causes may be intrinsic

        Prime matter: Fundamental principle of potentiality.
            Has the potential to be in other substantial forms

        Prime matter <-(inherence)- Substantial form

        The observer will see the accidental forms of a thing, and use them to intuit the substantial form of them.
        2 forms of this cognititive process
            Cognition is an umprella term.
                Sense:
                    Shared with lower animals
                    Power of sight (causal impact of perception)
                    Totally material
                    Internal senses (making sense of things (sugar is both sweet and white, percieved 
                        thru different senses, but they are the same thing))
                    Phantasm: Active interacting part with the intellective processes
                Intellective:
                    In some form shared with angels/God
                    Active intellect: Abstracts from senses via the phantasm to discern knowledge about a thing
                    Passive intellect: Gains the substantial forms percieved via data from active intellect/phantasm.
                    Immaterial

&!(11072017)
Perception:
    Processes
        Sensation
            Involves material change in the objects of perception
        (nameless) Integration?
            Brings the multiple senses together
        Abstraction
            Not an action of body on mind
            Is an action of the agent intellect(active) acting efficiently on the phantasm
            The end product is the intelligible species
            The end product is deposited in the passive intellect
            Involves the removing or ignoring of the material accidents of the thing, preserved in the phantasm
            By stripping away these accidents, the active intellect brings out the quiddity or essence of the thing known
        Act of Word
    Species
        A sensible species (not conscious)
            Not available at will (feel burning)
        Phantasm (conscious)
            Available at will (imagine rome burning)
        Intelligible (not conscious)
            Analogue in intellectual cognition to the sensible species in sense cognition
            Similarities to sensible species and phantasms:
                Immaterial forms: forms are recieved immaterial (spiritual reception)
                Means of cognition, not what is cognized. 
                Similitude of extramental things
                    has the same form of the things cognized, but not in the same way
            Differeces to sensible species:
                CAN be an object of knowledge: We can know our intelligible species by reflection
                Does not exist in a bodily organ
                Does not depend on material changes in a bodily organ
                Exist in the passive intellect
        Mental word (conscious)
    Powers
        In the sense powers, which are bodily
        Power of phantasia (bodily and in the brain)
        Active intellect (immaterial, part of the soul), passive intellect (")
            Came to be by the active intellect, exists in the passive intellect
        Exists in the intellect (mysterious)

(11092017)
For Aquinas:
    Intellectual knowledge is derived from sensible things (STq84a6)
        ground up, not forms down
        arg against:
            Insofar as something is sensible, it is material
            Material things cannot act on immaterial things
                Material things are limited by nature, confined to the space they occupy
                Immaterial things are not confined by space
            => sensible things cannot have a role in making intellectual knowledge happen

        Originally, the atomists believed sense and intellectual knowledge are =
        Next, Plato distinguishes the two, int k and sense k, and makes them entirely independent
        Aristotle follows, still distinguishing those things, however he argues that they are dependent on eachother
            soul and body act together to make sensible species
        It is because of this that Aristotle and Aquinas are empiricists
    Intellect understands corporeal things by abstraction from phantasms (STq85a1)
        OB1:
            If material things are not abstract in themselves, then there is a falseness of our knowledge of them (since we cannot think the material)
        The condition in which the knowing power exists will be similar to the condition in which the object of that power exists
        Sense is of individual things
        Object of human intellectual cognition:
            In one sense in matter
                What we know are the forms of material things
            In another sense apart from matter
                The way we know those forms is universally and apart from matter
        Purpose of intellectual apparatus:
            Know about the material world
        We cannot know much if anything about God or anything immaterial, what little we can is found through the intellect

        Abstraction:
            2 types
                Caesar had no weight (wrong)
                (simple consideration) consider Caesar apart from his weight
            Concieving of the species of a thing beyond its individual characteristics
    The intellegible species is that by which we know, not what we know (STq85a2)
        
(11142017)
For Papers: think about the core of your argument.
Immateriality of cognition is essential for Aquinas. 

Content Fallacy
    An alleged problem for Aquinas' argument for immateriality of thought and soul.
    Content fallacy: It is fallacious to infer properties of the vehicle of representation from properties of the thing represented
    Case: Painting
        A chimney (thing represented)
            property of the thing represented: it smokes
        Painting of a chimney (vehicle of representation)
            is smoking represented in the vehicle? no
    Claim: Aquinas in his argument for the soul's immateriality commits the content fallacy
    
    Reply
    P1. Intellectual acts are essentially constituted by conceptualized universal natures
        "essential constitution": a thing isn't an intellectual act unless it has a universally conceptualized nature of a thing
    P2. No materially instantiated property is universal
    =>  Conceptualized universal natures are not materially instantiated
    P3. What is essentially constituted by non-materials is itself non-material
    =>  Intellectual acts are non-material

Content Fallacy Redux:
    Claim: Aquinas fails to distinguish between 2 senses of abstraction
    2 types of abstraction:
        Abstraction 1: to remove representation of the material conditions of the thing represented
        Abstraction 2: to remove the material conditions of the vehicle of representation.
    Sense representations:
        The materiality, size, shape, etc. of what it is of.
        (is a form and matter compound)
        Representation of the material conditions of the thing represented (A1)
        Subtract of M thereby remoing representation of material conditions (A2)
        A1 substance representation has both the form and matter
        A2 SR has only the form
        It seems like we can achieve abstraction without removing material conditions

&!(11212017)3x
Immateriality of the soul:
=>  Representative immateriality requires ontological immateriality
P1. Representative immateriality requires absense of encoded information about a thing's material individuation conditions (MIC).
    MIC: location, size, shape.
P2. Whatever has MIC represents through its MIC.
        A DVD represents its contents through its MIC
P3. Whatever represents through its MIC encodes information about the object's MIC.
    P3.1 Whatever represents thru its MIC comes to represent thru physical causal interaction w/
         its object
    P3.2 Whatever comes to represent thru physical causation interaction w/ its obect encodes info 
         about that object's MIC.

Identity thesis Itself:
    1.  There are different kinds of identity:
        x - Numerical: Same instance, same kind
            Superman is numerically identical to Clark Kent
        y - Formal: Different instance, same kind
            Ruby and Tex (different instances of dog)
    2.  This thesis is important
            Aquinas poses this as what cognition IS
            Aquinas thinks all causation is trasference of form
                (parents transfer form to children)
            Without sameness of form, directness of cognition is compromised
    3.  Difficulties with Doctrine.
        a.  p1. Forms constitute + characterize material substances
            p2. Whatever is in the intellect doesn't do this.
            =>  Whatever is in the intellect isn't a form of a material substance.
            Reply: p1 is false.Forms do not only have to characterize material substances. We can show
                   this by looking at a nature absolute
        b.  p1. Fido has the same form as Spot.
            p2. Fido does not know Spot.
            =>  Having the same form doesn't make a thing know
            Reply: 
        c.  p1. In living things, separation of form and matter is death.
            p2. Knowing something doesn't involve killing it.
            =>  Knowing a thing cannot involve separating its soul from its matter
    4. Absolute consideration of Nature
        1. Nature can be considered in 2 ways.
            with relation to (wrt)
            a. Wrt its mode of existence
            b. wrt nothing else (absolutely).
        2. The Nature absolutely considered is the formal intelligibility, neither one nor universal, that is found in things
            and acts of intellect
        3. The same characteristics specify things + acts of intellect.
    5. Isomorphism
        Q. What it is exactly for two things to have the same form.
        Sellars: formal sameness is isomorphism
        Isomorphism = A + B are isomorphic just if there is a 1-1 mapping of features of A onto features of B.
    6.  Intentionality
        1. A feature of mental states
        2. It is the "aboutness of mental states.
        3. Q. What makes a mental state have intentionality?
        4. Possible Answer: formal sameness

