Zagzebski
    1. Explain how the three central epistemological questions are related.
        The three central epistemological questions, what is knowledge? Is knowledge possible? and How do we get it? are all related because the answers to any single one of the questions has vast consequences on the results of the others. For example, if we define knowledge as something that we must have perfect certainty of, it would make the argument that knowledge is possible far harder to defend than if we defined knowledge simply as a belief that is congruent with reality, it would also make the question of how we attain knowledge harder to answer, you may require third parties such as other people or technology to do something as simple as knowing that your desk is real, while the latter argument would allow you to use your own experience alone to learn that your desk is real.

    2. According to Zagzebski, what does the "rough philosophical consensus" say about knowledge?  What are its characteristic features?
        The characteristic features are:
            1. Knowing is a relation between a conscious subject and an object, where the object (but possibly not the immediate object) is some portion of reality.
                This requires that the knower must be alive, and that the object of the knowledge must exist. This implys that things such as computers cannot get knowledge, and that you cannot know anything about dragons.
            2. The relation is cognitive. That is to say, the subject thinks, not just senses or feels the object.
                This means that the knower must have some level of understanding of the object
            3. Knowing includes believing.
                This means that in order to know something we must believe that it is true
            4. The object of knowledge is a proposition
                This means that knowledge consists of information or data
            5. The object of knowledge is a *true* proposition
                This means that the data in question must be true
            6. Knowing is good
                This means that the state of knowing is good.

    3. What is non-propositional knowledge?  Give examples.
        NP knowledge is knowledge that is self-referential, and does not reference other parts of knowledge such as other instances of NP knowledge, inferences, or things learned from other people. For example, mental states? Nothing?

    4. How have the ideals of understanding and certainty affected philosophers' ideas about knowledge?
        The ideals of understanding and certainty affect philosopher's ideas about gauging both what is and isn't knowledge, and how much knowledge you have about something. For example, emphasis on understanding may allow me to know that I am a good programmer, without ever actually having written a program, but rather because I understand programming concepts and languages. On the other hand, emphasis on certainty may allow me to know I am a good programmer because even though I may not understand anything about the underlying concepts, I can still write code that is readable and usable.

    5. Explain Zagzebski's broader conception of epistemology (8).  What does this broader conception study besides knowledge?
        The broader concept of epistemology is the concept of beliefs, or opinions. Essentially, what the author is getting at is that epistemology helps the student not only know what knowledge is, how to obtain it, and whether it can be obtained, but also how to evaluate beliefs that may or may not be true, such as the existence of God.

    6. Explain Zagzebski's notion of a conscientiously held belief.  Why does Zagzebski think that we are often obligated to form conscientious beliefs?
        A conscientiously held belief is an informed opinion. He thinks we are obligated to form them because negligence to be conscientious about your beliefs can be morally reprehensible, and negligence to holding beliefs in general robs you of possible good in your life.
        
    7. How do false beliefs affect the value of true beliefs?
        False beliefs diminish the value of true beliefs, because if you cannot tell the difference, then they become equal in value (nil).

    8. Why does Zagzebski think that everyone is obligated to be conscientious about moral beliefs?
        He thinks this because if we care about anything or have obligations or roles in society, those roles and cares will come with moral beliefs and with that comes an obligation to being conscientious about morality because we care about our roles or cares.

    9. Explain evidentialism and Zagzebski's criticism of it.
        evidentialism is the claim that it is morally wrong for anyone to believe anything without sufficient evidence. Zag's criticism of it is to point out that moral guilt is heavily determined by the context, not just the amount of evidence.

    10.Explain the tension between the "passion" to get truth and the "passion" to avoid falsehood.
        In their most extreme senses, passion to get the truth is to collect as much knowledge as possible, even though some of it will be false, and passion to avoid falsehood would be to only accept knowledge that is true beyond the shadow of a doubt, even though you would be forgoing many other truths. The tension between them is that neither extreme is very good, to focus solely on getting as much knowledge as possible would make the knowledge useless, since you would not know what is actually true at a certain point, to focus on avoiding falsehood would hinder progress in knowledge, since there is very little of consequence that can be known beyond a shadow of a doubt.


    11.When might it be morally wrong not to have a conscientious belief?  Give an example.  Are such cases common?
        It is morally wrong when the belief is important either socially or personally. For example, if I believe my classmate Bob stole my wallet, and then later find it buried in my clothes, it was morally wrong for me to whole that belief.

    12.According to Frankfurt, what is BS?  Why is it wrong?  Why is it bad for us and society?  What makes us more likely to become BSers?
        BS is a statement that could be true or false, but was made up by the BSer without care as to which it is. It is bad because it obfuscates the truth, and makes it harder to access. Being expected to have opinions about everything makes people more likely to become BSers.

    13.How does skepticism present at potential threat to conscientious belief?
        It undermines the truth value of the conscientious belief in question, which undermines the amount we care, which lowers motivation to be conscientious

Bonjour
    1. What does philosophy aim at, according to Bonjour?
        Philosophy aims at reflective understanding, or how abstract concepts work

    2. What are some things that you take yourself to know?  (Give your own examples in each of Bonjour's categories.)
        1. I am tired and warm
        2. I am typing on my computer, it is 3am
        3. My roommate is currently sleeping
        4. I broke my arm in high school
        5. There was a major terrorist attack on the twin towers in 2001
        6. A construction worker I observed yesterday was very tired
        7. I am easily distracted
        8. Oil floats on water
        9. The sun will set tonight
        10.When my computer goes into sleep mode it moves the contents of the ram into swap
        11.9%3=0

    3. Why is it difficult to gain "reflective understanding" about knowledge?
        Because it is difficult to be sure about any knowledge.

    4. Why do past cases of "failed knowledge" make it difficult to decide whether one really knows?
        Because they show that we do make mistakes in the aquisition of knowledge, and it could be a sign that many of the other things we take for granted as truth may actually not be true.

